#  bash/zsh git prompt support #

Clone From https://github.com/git/git/tree/master/contrib/completion

This script allows you to see the current branch in your prompt.

## To enable: ##

   1) Copy this file to somewhere (e.g. ~/.git-prompt.sh).

   2) Add the following line to your .bashrc/.zshrc:

       source ~/.git-prompt.sh
   3a) Change your PS1 to call __git_ps1 as

       command-substitution:
       Bash: PS1='[\u@\h \W$(__git_ps1 " (%s)")]\$ '
       ZSH:  PS1='[%n@%m %c$(__git_ps1 " (%s)")]\$ '
       the optional argument will be used as format string.
   3b) Alternatively, if you are using bash, `__git_ps1` can be used 
   for PROMPT_COMMAND with two parameters, `<pre>` and `<post>`, 
   which are strings you would put in $PS1 before and after the status string 
   generated by the git-prompt machinery.  
   e.g. `PROMPT_COMMAND='__git_ps1 "\u@\h:\w" "\\\$ "'`  will show username,
   at-sign, host, colon, cwd, then various status string, followed by dollar and SP, as your prompt. 
   Optionally, you can supply a third argument with a printf format string 
   to finetune the output of the branch status
## Additional: ##
The argument to `__git_ps1` will be displayed only if you are currently 
in a git repository.  The %s token will be the name of the current branch.

In addition, if you set `GIT_PS1_SHOWDIRTYSTATE` to a nonempty value, 
unstaged (*) and staged (+) changes will be shown next to the branch name. 
You can configure this per-repository with the bash.showDirtyState variable, 
which defaults to true once `GIT_PS1_SHOWDIRTYSTATE` is enabled.

You can also see if currently something is stashed, by setting
`GIT_PS1_SHOWSTASHSTATE` to a nonempty value. If something is stashed,
then a '$' will be shown next to the branch name.

If you would like to see if there're untracked files, then you can set
`GIT_PS1_SHOWUNTRACKEDFILES` to a nonempty value. If there're untracked
files, then a '%' will be shown next to the branch name.  You can
configure this per-repository with the bash.showUntrackedFiles
variable, which defaults to true once `GIT_PS1_SHOWUNTRACKEDFILES` is
enabled.

If you would like to see the difference between HEAD and its upstream,
set `GIT_PS1_SHOWUPSTREAM="auto"`.  A `"<"` indicates you are behind, `">"`
indicates you are ahead, `"<>"` indicates you have diverged and `"="`
indicates that there is no difference. You can further control
behaviour by setting `GIT_PS1_SHOWUPSTREAM` to a space-separated list
of values:

    verbose       show number of commits ahead/behind (+/-) upstream
    legacy        don't use the '--count' option available in recent
                  versions of git-rev-list
    git           always compare HEAD to @{upstream}
    svn           always compare HEAD to your SVN upstream

By default, `__git_ps1` will compare HEAD to your SVN upstream if it can
find one, or @{upstream} otherwise.  Once you have set
`GIT_PS1_SHOWUPSTREAM`, you can override it on a per-repository basis by
setting the bash.showUpstream config variable.

If you would like to see more information about the identity of
commits checked out as a detached HEAD, set `GIT_PS1_DESCRIBE_STYLE`
to one of these values:

    contains      relative to newer annotated tag (v1.6.3.2~35)
    branch        relative to newer tag or branch (master~4)
    describe      relative to older annotated tag (v1.6.3.1-13-gdd42c2f)
    default       exactly matching tag

If you would like a colored hint about the current dirty state, set
`GIT_PS1_SHOWCOLORHINTS` to a nonempty value. The colors are based on
the colored output of "git status -sb".

